Dear Kaya,

I've been reflecting deeply on our relationship.
Not just the conflict we had, but all the things we've experienced together,
who we've shown ourselves to be, and what I could have done better.

One thing that's clear to me is that I set up an unhealthy feedback cycle.
I have a fear of abandonment, and it's sabotaged my relationships in the past.
Because of my fear, I saw your increasing signs of withdrawal as abandonment,
instead of a need for space, and desperate to keep you,
I continued to pile on affection until it became an overwhelming burden.

But it's also true that you didn't communicate with me.
You could have told me that I was overwhelming,
that you needed space,
or that you felt uncomfortable.
With the exception of a short time after we hooked up,
you didn't communicate any boundaries.
This set me up to fail.

I put you on a pedestal.
You're the first person who saw me at my rawest and still accepted me.
That love, acceptance, and safety in vulnerability are sacred to me.
Thank you for that gift.
I thought I'd found someone I can be completely honest with,
someone who was completely honest with me, and still didn't flinch.
To me, you were a friend I could die for.
Maybe you still are.

Since I began thinking of you that way,
I became more afraid of losing you,
and clawed desperately to keep you in my life.

After we slept together, you haven't been able to see the real me.
I think you've projected a deep distrust of men onto me.
In your last messages, you characterized my affection as manipulation
in pursuit of an ulterior motive.
That hurt to read, because one of the things I valued most about our relationship was the ability to be honest.
I've tried to honor that, and always brought my full sincerity to all our interactions.
It's the first time I can say that about anyone.
Your portrayal is not who I am, and I won't accept a false narrative.

At one point I loved you romantically.
But it was always clear that you could never recipocate.
And after a long internal struggle, I was able to move on.
I've explained that to you, but you didn't believe me.
Considering the mixed messages, I can't blame you.
It took me a long time to process.

I have never knowingly disrespected Noah, and you've never asked me
to respect him until that last text, because you didn't have to.
There is only one exception to this: on the first night you were together,
I sent a disgusting text message saying that I was horny and jealous.
I'll regret it for the rest of my life.
I support your relationship with him, and wish you happiness together.

At the same time, there were moments around him where I felt
small, intimidated and unwelcome.
I don't know if this was his intention, but it was my experience.
One day I'd like to talk to with him, but right now I'm not ready.
For now, I just hope this letter helps you both understand where I'm coming from.

I'm sorry about the gifts.
I hadn't seen you much that month and wanted an excuse to make contact.
I intended them to be lighthearted and fun.
They were only dog toys and funny disco ball earrings.
But it seems that you've interpreted it as a romantic gesture,
or simply more pressure to give more than you can.

My remarks about Skye the first few weeks we were together
were petty and rude.
I regret them deeply.
But I also didn't know her then like I do now.
She has read this letter, and we've talked about it.

I don't know if this is the end.
If you ever decide to reach out to me,
I'll welcome you with open arms.
But things will never be the same again.
You've said the same, and I agree.

I want to close this letter with gratitude.
Gratitude for a friend who encouraged me to be brave.
Who stood beside me when things were rough.
Someone who was creative, playful, and fun.
And also very wild.
Someone who listened with her whole heart.
A friend who I can never replace.
Someone I'll always love.

I'll miss you forever, Kaya, my dearest friend.
There's no one else like you.
And there never will be.

Sincerely,

    Evie