Important moments with Kaya ***************************

------------------------------------------------------------------
Start with the place. Think of who was there. Add sensory
details. Notice how the mood changed. Consult photos and texts. Write
it down raw, don't try to fix it. Focus on beauty. Bravery,
not fear. Freedom, not anxiety. Use seasons to anchor the
timeline. Acknowledge moments that can never happen again.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Going out for the first time to trivia at Gizmo brewery with Heather,
Kenz, Kaya, little David, and Kate. Wearing a green shirt that was a
little too stiff.

That night we went to dingo dog. How we both got drunk, and rosie barked
at the other dogs at the bar. We were told to move outside. Walking
back, stopping in the park. Running along hillsborogouh ave, on the way
back home with Rosie off the leash, while we both laughed at the top of
our lungs.

The first time Kaya sang at Kareoke.

When Kaya dragged me onto the dance floor at Speakeasy.  How she flung
me around even though I tried to stop.  Pulling her into a twirl.

How I felt safe enough to share details about my childhood sexual
abuse. When she immediately realized it was why I have nightmares every
night. Something only Skye and Kaya really know.

The night she spent three hours telling me and Owen about her controlling
relationship and the events that lead to her imprisonment.

Watching a movie together at her house with Owen when he was sick.
They talked about covid and trump, and I was too afraid to speak.

Taking Rosie out on walks. Or maybe she walked me.

Going to Chaz's birthday party, where I met Pedro and his partner
Kate. When Chaz introduced me to a girl. How I chatted about riddles and
programming and music with everyone around me. When later Kaya told me
Chaz had yelled at her at the party.

A moment of exhiliration at The Fruit when we ended up next to someone
dancing with abandon in the crowd, and how I felt free to be excited
without embarassment.

When I asked her what she thought about trans people and suggested I watch
"what is a woman", an anti-trans documentary.

The night she told me about the woman she fell in love with in
prision. The moment I changed into a sweater, because I had nothing
else to wear.  When she crawled into my lap. How she suggested having
sex could be healing. When I said no, that I would only dissapoint her,
and that I hate my penis. How I later regretted it.

The party at her house, where Heather dominated Hammerschloggen, and we
drank homemade cocktails until we were all sick.

When I and Brian went on a road trip with me to Atlanta, to see rooms
for rent, so I could move to Atlanta for a Data Center Tech job with AWS.

Living in Atlanta, and hating every minute. Feeling angry and
trapped. Feeling like I was stepping backwards in my career.

When I moved back to Carrboro, walking distance from Kaya and Brian.

When she took me to her work party, and told me "Now I've introduced
you to every one of my friends." The incredible sense of gratitude I
felt at that moment.

The confidence I felt the night we were together.  How used I felt
afterwards.  How I felt I had used her, too.  The beginning of a strange
new distance.

How Pedros friend Sarah (the yoga instructor) spread rumors about Kaya
at Bowbarr, and how sick that made me feel.

When Kaya got Wes and Rhodie as roomates.  The guilt I felt for leaving
her in a bad financial situation, even though it was one I couldn't
control.

How I forgot her birthday, and then scrambled to buy her a gift on the
same day. The sappy card I gave her with Koi fish on the front. How she
was reluctant to do anything, at first, but we ended up going to a fancy
cocktail bar in Durham later with her work friends + heather&kenz and
had  a great time. A moment of Jazz. How mad we were that we filled up on
Nachos before going downstairs to the cocktail bar. The overpriced green
tea cocktail with salt crystals in an indentation melted into the ice.

When she adopted Zypher, and he whined all day long. How unfair that
felt to Wes and Rhodie.

When I told her that I'd fallen in love with her, but had gotten over it,
even though I knew I still struggled. The look in her eyes that told me
she didn't belive me.

Hooking up with Brian twice, confiding in Kaya.

When we hooked up again, and the coldness afterwards. The first mention
of hovering. How hard it was to back off. When I didn't talk for her
for two weeks. Worrying that I'd ruined everything.

Asking Brian if Kaya and I would ever be friends again.

A new sense of anxiety.

Climbing onto the roof near the Baxter with Noah and her friend.  How I
no longer felt free around her that day.

How much it took to finally be free of my romantic feelings.  And how
I failed to communicate exactly when the shift happened.

When she invited me, Nate, and Iden to do art at her house.  I hdan't
slept the day before, because I was hooking up with John.  Telling her
about sex with John that day, when Nate was with us on the porch, and
regretting how indiscreet I was.  Me plastered to the couch.  The silly
picture of Iden with his legs open.

How I told her directly that I had a fear of abandomnent and was afraid
to lose her.

That one night where I said had been through a lot, didn't want to
be alone, and said that just being around her would make me feel more
safe. How incredibly reluctant she was to invite me over. When she told
me that same day that my emotional pressure is why she didn't want to
be around me lately. How even though she was busy, she had me over and
served me tea. And then, after watching part of a movie, how she told
me to leave.

Meeting Chris Curtin at Speakeasy, talking about astronomy, getting
high off a vape, and crashing on his couch while I was coming down. How
a commercial for tampons came on the TV, and he said "these commercials
are gross, I wish they weren't on here, they're not relevant. Unless you
identify as a woman". Awkward silence, daggers through my heart. "Yeah,
totally."

When I told Kay I'm trans. How terrified I was to do that. How she started
to suggest names, and did my eyeliner. How she encouraged me to be brave,
always. How she made me feel free.

How excited I was when Chris invited me to poker night. When I stopped
going because it made me feel like a man.

The night she and Noah first hooked up. How I encouraged Noah to take
a shot "she told me she likes you". When he asked me if he should go
for a kiss, and I told him to trust himself. When, after I left drunk
and high at 3 am, I sent this text that I'll always regret: "I'm super
horny and jealous right now".

When I told her and Noah that I was jealous of their intimacy.

How I thought that her acceptance of my identity, and how we shared
our trauma in the past was proof of a friendship that was soul-deep.
Something I may never experience again in my life.  Feeling like I could
walk through fire for her, then.  I wonder if I still can.

How I tried to go back to being a good friend. But my invitations and
checking in seemed now unwanted.

How she only called me for money or favors after that.

Avoidance and things unspoken.

Going to meet Heather for dinner on her birthday.  Feeling frustrated
and used.

How Noahs body language changed. How he would physically position himself
between us. How Kaya wouldn't approach me in public to talk anymore,
or only say hi, and then move across the room to talk with Noah alone.

Going with Hunter and her to that BBQ on the 4th of July, and how out
of place I felt.

When I told her about Skye, and expressed some of my doubts. How instead
of just litening she looked distrustful. Even though she was judgemental,
at first, too.

How later, after I introduced Skye to her, she told me that my
relationship with Skye was the beginning of a beautiful journey of
acceptance.

How despite all of this, I was still always happy to see her.

Wes' birthday party. Asking Noah how he was doing, and then watching
him stare me in the eyes for a full minute before responding. Seeing
how she didn't talk to me even though we hadn't talked that month. The
rejection and anger I felt.

When I said I felt like she didn't want me around anymore. How she said
she didn't want to talk. The next night at speakeasy when I asked her
to talk later. How she responded with sarcasim, but said yes. How I the
tone of her voice forced me to stop looking at the ground, to find her
upright with wide shaking eyes.

How abandoned I felt. How angry I was that she wouldn't fight for me.
Wondering "if the only person who saw me threw me away, what does that
say about me?"

Her telling me the truth, for the first time in a while. How hurt she
seemed in her texts. How I worried that she saw me as a predator.

Crying in the coffee shop and writing letters, reflecting on what I'd
done. Ignoring school and work. Eating mostly mac n cheese. Curling up
in bed with Skye and crying. Wondering if I'll ever find a frined like
her again.

Having a million questions, but refraining from asking, since I know
she needs space.

Finally understanding what I've done.

Finishing my letter, and writing about the things we shared. Reflecting
on the incredible beauty that she's brought to my life. Things I'll
never forget. How she's changed me as a person. Wondering what's left
for us now.
